Why did the chicken cross the road?To get to the other side.
What happens if you boil a clown?You get a laughing stock
Did you hear they arrested the devil?They got him on possession.
Why do you not want to trust an atom?Because they make up literally everything.
Why was six afraid of seven?Because seven eight (ate) nine.
What do you call a wife of a hippie?Mississipi.
Why did the can crusher quit his job?Because it was soda pressing.
What is the difference between an outlaw and an in-law?Outlaws are wanted.
Why did the birthday boy wrap himself in paper?He wanted to live in the present.
What happens to an illegally parked frog?It gets toad away.
How does the man in the moon get his hair cut?Eclipes (he clips) it.
Why are dogs not good dancers?Because they have two left feet.
Why did the donut go to the dentist?To get a filling.
What do you call a bear with no teeth?A gummy bear.
What do you call a mobster who is buried in cement?A hardened criminal.
What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall?Dam!
Did you hear the one about the cat who ate a ball of yarn?She had mittens.
What does a vegan zombie like to eat?Graaains.
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground?It was a knot-for-profit.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut?He just wanted a little more space.
Did you hear the one about the racing snail that got rid of his shell?He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish.
Did you hear the one about the veterinarian who prescribes birth-control pills for dogs?It is part of an anti-litter campaign.
What did the skillet eat on its birthday?Pan-cakes.
Did you know that ants are the only animals that don't get sick?It's true! It's because they have little antibodies.
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh?Nothing, it was on the house.
What are the helpers of Santa called?Subordinate Clauses.
What do you call a steak that has been knighted by the queen?Sir Loin.
What do you call a dinosaur with only one eye?A Do-you-think-he-saw-us!
Why should you never fall in love with a tennis player?Because to them... love means NOTHING!
Why did Han Solo not enjoy his steak dinner?It was Chewie.
Why did the rooster cross the road?To prove he was not a chicken.
Why does a cat not play poker in the jungle?Because there are too many cheetahs.
Where does a winemaker get his gossip?Through the grapevine.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backward?A receding hare line.
What did one ocean say to the other?Nothing, they just waved.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert?Because he was stuffed.
What's a potato's favorite form of transportation?The gravy train
What do you call a dog that's been run over by a steamroller?Spot!
Did you hear about the circus fire?It was in tents (intense)!
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road?Because it got stuck in a crack.
Why do eggs not tell jokes?They might crack up!
What did the big flower say to the little flower?Hi, bud.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on?Nothing, it just let out a little wine (whine).
Why do skeletons not fight each other?They do not have the guts!
What did one wall say to the other wall?I will meet you at the corner!
Why did the math book look sad?Because it had too many problems!
What did one hat say to the other hat?You stay here, I will go on ahead!
Why did the coffee file a police report?It got mugged!
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?SUPPLIES!!!!
What did one plate whisper to the other plate?Dinner is on me.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants?In case he got a hole-in-one.
Did you hear the rumor about butter?Well, I am not going to go spreading it!
How do you stop a bull from charging?Cancel its credit card.
Why should you wear glasses to maths class?Because it helps with division.
What is the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu?One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.
What did the full glass say to the empty glass?You look drunk.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn?Where is popcorn?
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool?A Radish.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account?Prime mates.
Why did the football coach go to the bank?To get his quarter back.
Why did the orange lose the race?It ran out of juice.
How you fix a broken pumpkin?With a pumpkin patch.
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?One's pretty heavy and the other's a little lighter
Why did the man fall down the well?Because he could not see that well!
Why do peppers make such good archers?Because they habanero (have an arrow).
What did the sink tell the toilet?You look flushed!
Where do boats go when they are sick?To the dock.
Did you hear the one about the roof?Never mind, it is over your head.
Why is Peter Pan always flying?Because he Neverlands.
What do you call a sleeping bull?A bulldozer.
How do you throw a party in outer space?You planet.
Why was the broom late to class?It over-swept.
How did the hipster burn his mouth?He ate his pizza before it was cool.
How do you make an octopus laugh?With ten-tickles!
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday?Hoppy Birthday!
What type of tree fits in your hand?A palm tree.
Why could the bicycle not stand up by itself?It was two tired!
What do you call a fake noodle?An impasta.
Why do vampires always seem sick?They are coffin.
Why do bees have sticky hair?Because they use a honeycomb.
How do celebrities stay cool?They have many fans.
Why did the picture go to prison?Because it was framed.
Where do polar bears keep their money?The snow bank.
What game is the favorite of a tornado?Twister!
What do you call a funny mountain?Hill-arious.
What gets wetter the more it dries?A towel.
What rock group has four men who do not sing?Mount Rushmore.
What do you call cheese that is not yours?Nacho cheese
What did the right eye say to the left eye?Honestly, between you and me something smells.
Want to hear a pizza joke?Nahhh, it's too cheesy!
Why are spiders so smart?They can find everything on the web.
What do you give a sick lemon?A Lemon-aid.
What did the nose tell the finger?Stop picking on me!
Why do your hands cannot be 12 inches?Because then it would be a foot.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive?A LAMBorghini.
What has four wheels and flies?A garbage truck.
What do you call someone who doesn't like carbs?Lack-Toast Intolerant.
Why are chemists great at solving problems?Because they have all of the solutions!
How do you talk to a giant?You use big words!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow?Spoiled milk.
What did the buffalo say when his kid went to college?Bison.
What is the favorite lunch of a sea monster?Fish and ships.
What do you call an alligator in a vest?An investigator.
Why shouldn't you tell secrets in a cornfield?Too many ears.
Why do bananas never get lonely?Because they hang out in bunches.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals?Philippe Flop.
Why is it impossible to starve in the desert?Because of all the sand which is there!
What does a house wear?A dress.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house?Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
Which days are the strongest?Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die?They dilate.
How do cows stay up to date?They read the Moo-spaper.
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet?Because they could spend years at C.
Where do pirates get their hooks?Second hand stores.
Wanna hear a joke about paper?Never mind. It is tearable
What is blue and not very heavy?Light blue.
What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror?Halloumi!
How do flat-earthers travel?On a plane.
What part of a computer is the favorite of an astronaut?The Space Bar.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020?Because they had a fight and 2021 (2020 won).
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer?He could not see himself doing it.
Why did the developer go broke?Because he used up all his cache.
How do you make a water bed bouncier?Add spring water.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock?Because it is so time-consuming.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand?Because a toothbrush works better.
Why do baby lobster not like to share?Because they are shellfish.
What is a spider favorite profession?Web designer.
Why did the car get a flat tire?Because there was a fork in the road!
Why did the woman go on the date with the mushroom?Because he was a fun-ghi.